Immigration is a key issue in this state, for all voters nationwide, including the many people watching us on Telemundo. So, that's where we begin.

Mr. Trump, you've called for a deportation force to remove the 11 million undocumented immigrants from the United States. You've also promised to let what you call, "the good ones", come back in. Your words, "the good ones", after they've been deported.

Senator Cruz would not allow them to come back in. He says that's the biggest difference between the two of you. He calls your plan amnesty. Is it?

Governor Kasich...

Governor Kasich, the idea -- you've said this, and I want to quote you now: "The idea that we're going to deport all these people is ludicrous and everybody knows it." Those are your words. Should people be allowed to break the law just because it's not feasible to stop them?

Dr. Carson, you've been critical of mass deportation. You said back in November you don't think Mr. Trump's plan necessarily represents the Republican Party. Given how well Mr. Trump has been doing with the Republican primary voters, do you still believe that?

Mr. Trump, your campaign, as you well remember, began with the idea of building a wall along the southern border.

So if you don't get an actual check from the Mexican government for $8 billion or $10 billion or $12 billion, whatever it will cost, how are you going to make them pay for the wall?

CELESTE: Senator Rubio, last week, you said that on your first day in office, you will get rid of President Obama's executive action known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA for short.

So Senator Rubio, what changed?

And yet, there is the perception in the Latino community that instead of trying to prove to Latinos who has the best plan, the best platform to help them, that you two are spending the time arguing with each other. Trying to figure out which one is tougher on immigration in order to appeal to the majority of Republicans.

So, my question to you is are you missing a huge opportunity to expand the Republican base?

So, do you think that your fellow Republican candidates get it?

And one of them was that they shouldn't feel like they were going to get kicked out of the United States, otherwise they wouldn't pay attention to one more sentence from candidates.

Just last night, The Washington Post showed that 80 percent of Hispanic voters in their polls have a negative view of you. And concerning the Nevada victory, allow me to explain that the poll in Nevada was based on a tiny sample, statistically insignificant of only about 100 -- let me finish please -- of 100 Hispanic Republicans in the state of Nevada.

I want to turn our attention now to another critically important issue for the American people, the United States Supreme Court, where filling the vacancy left by the late Justice Antonin Scalia has become a major campaign issue. I want to bring in Salem Radio Network host, Hugh Hewitt.

Hugh?

To me, it's the most important issue. I'll start with you, Senator Cruz. Do you trust Mr. Trump to nominate conservative justices?

Will you commit to voters tonight that religious liberty will be an absolute litmus test for anyone you appoint, not just to the Supreme Court, but to all courts?

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I tell the truth, I tell the truth.

Thank you, Dr. Carson. Let's talk about the economy. Let's talk about...

How would you cut $10 trillion over 10 years, but make sure the country isn't saddled with even more debt?

The current deficit this year is $544 billion. Where are you going to come up with the money?

When you were in Congress, you were chairman of the Budget Committee. You helped craft the last balanced budget the United States had. Can Mr. Trump's plan work?

Speaking of taxes...

Romney said either you're not as wealthy as you say you are, said maybe you haven't paid the kind of taxes we would expect you to pay, or you haven't been giving the money to veterans or disabled people. Are any of those accusations that he has leveled true?

Senator Cruz, Tuesday is five days away. Why haven't voters seen your 2012, 2013, and 2014 returns?

Our coverage of this tenth Republican presidential debate from the University of Houston continues in a moment.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

Gentlemen, I want to turn our attention right now to key issues involving foreign policy and national security. And Mr. Trump, I'll begin with you.

Let's be clear. Are you talking about getting rid of Kim Jong Un?

Senator Cruz.

Mr. Trump has a right to respond.

Governor Kasich, you have the floor. Governor...

Dana Bash, pick up the questioning.

(APPLAUSE) KASICH: I want to weigh in on this please. I want to just tell you that the problem is not right now between the administration and Apple. You know what the problem is? Where's the president been? You sit down in a back room and you sit down with the parties and you get this worked out. You don't litigate this on the front page of the New York Times, where everybody in the world is reading about their dirty laundry out here.

The president of the United States should be convening a meeting, should have convened a meeting with Apple and our security forces. And then you know what you do when you're the president? You lock the door and you say you're not coming out until you reach an agreement that both gives the security people what they need and protects the rights of Americans. This is a failure of his leadership to get this done as an executive should be doing it.

And I'll tell you, that's why you want a governor. I do this all the time. And we reach agreements all the time. Because as an executive, you've got to solve problems instead of fighting on the front page of the newspaper.

(APPLAUSE) (CHEERING)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

And thanks to each of the candidates, on behalf of everyone here at CNN and Telemundo. We also want to thank the Republican National Committee and the University of Houston. My thanks also to Hugh Hewitt, Maria Celeste, and Dana Bash.

Super Tuesday is only five days away.

